# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

Historians can use this type of website layout to construct an archive that contains detailed information about the most intimate individual experiences during some of the more recent historical events. This type of structure is particularly useful if the witnesses are forced to disperse for reasons like human calamity or political persecution, in which case a mechanism of this sort which allows for a diverse authorship is needed. For example, collecting individual accounts of the Holocaust victims has always been a difficult task becasue not only was forced expulsion a part of the persecution, many victims also voluntarily migrated as a way to cope with its repercussion. Therefore, it will be very time-consuming and expensive for historians to travel around the world to collect these individual accounts. Website of this sort offers historians a platform to access and share information at home. ALso, considering the fact that the Holocaust is until today still a very sensitive topic, many witnesses, either they be victims or perseuctors, choose to remain silent out fear or shame. This problem can be solved by allowing the witnesses directly contribute to the database while keeping the authorship anonymous, which is attainable considering the nature of this type of layout.  

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

Each assignment is handed in for the completion of a bigger probject, yet I think that each assignment is still the intellectual property of the contributor. Therefore, I think the researcher has the responsibility to keep the contributors' information safe based on conditions that they have agreed upon. Private information should remain private at the contributor's will. Sharing of the information should be approved by the author unless it has been agreed upon beforehand. Authors of particular entries should be credited for their effort when they are used for academic purposes. The contributors should have the right to disagree when the project is about to be used for personal gains, unless previous agreement has been made. The content of each contribution should not be altered without the contributor's consent when the content itself violates no rules they have previously agreed upon. 

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

If I am to build an archive like the one I have described in Question 1, I will need to store information in different fields. For example, to use the same example of the Holocaust, the first field would be devoted to recording personal information of the witnesses in a similar structure that we have used for our student profile. The main field will contain the witness's account of his or her experience in the form of a short memoir. The third possible field could be a video or image section, where contributors can upload pictures related to their experience. However, this structure has also many drawbacks. First and foremost, technology is still not accessible to everyone and an online archive which relies on voluntary participation will not be as effective in collecting information as the traditional manuel procedures. Moreover, to maintain an open authorship means that information on the archive will also be less trustworthy than traditional data collecting, which is often done by more trustworthy individuals. To maximize source reliability, certain varification mechanism will be set up for this purpose. 